---
layout: publication
title: "Dex-Net AR: distributed deep grasp planning using an augmented reality application and a smartphone camera"
authors:

    - Jeffrey Ichnowski Harry Zhang

    - J Ichnowski

    - Y Avigal

    - J Gonzales

    - I Stoica

    - K Goldberg

authors-short:

    - J. I. H. Zhang

    - J. Ichnowski

    - Y. Avigal

    - J. Gonzales

    - I. Stoica

    - K. Goldberg

year: 2020
journal: "IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA)"
ref: ""
doi: None
---

a) Augmented Reality: Augmented reality (AR) is an interactive experience of a real-world environment where the objects in the real-world can be enhanced by perceptual information generated by a computer. It was first introduced by USAF Armstrong Labs [3] in order to create a virtual augmentation of a real environment to improve human performance in physical tasks. Recently, researchers have combined AR with computer vision techniques to recognize and classify objects in a real-world environment [4],[5],[6]. b) Structure from Motion: In 3D reconstruction, Structure from Motion (SfM) is used when 3D point positions are not known in advance [7]. SfM simultaneously recovers the 3D structure and pose of the camera from image correspondences given multiple frames of RGB images. In this way, SfM estimates the 3D locations of points on the object’s notable geometric features from continuous frames. One limitation of SfM is that the objects being reconstructed must have notable geometric features such as contours, edges, and vertices. Thus, the objects need to be non-reflective and chromatic for the feature points to be detected and recorded. c) Point Cloud Cleaning: To clean the SfM-generated 3D point cloud, we use a k-Nearest Neighbors (kNN) based approach which removes remote and isolated outliers. Ning et al.[8] developed a method to locally fit a plane using kNN and then project the near-surface, non-isolated outliers to the plane, further making the surface smoother and cleaner. In addition, Rakotosaona et al.[9] suggested a learning-based approach to denoise dense point cloud data. We build on this line of research by cleaning …
    